# nios-admission-2023
OPEN SCHOOL ADMISSION   Open School admission starts for session October-November 2023 through Toppers Mantra Education Center online. Now all the candidates who are looking to enroll in the largest Open Board in India can take admission in National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS). Nios Admission 10th 12th starts online throughout the country. You can fill your query online or offline with Toppers Mantra Education Center.   Nios Admission: Nios Admission is available for the session of October-November 2023. Students who are looking for admission can book their seat for the academic year. Basically, it’s an open board system in India which provides a facility of education through home.  In Nios you don’t need to go school regularly. You can do work with Education through Nios. Students have to prepare some basic activities given by Nios. Recently Nios became much popular among the students through its value and procedure of academics. Nios basically provides admission twice in the year which is called Nios Public Examination. More importantly it is also called Stream 1 Block 1 and Stream 1 Block 2 admission. You can apply in any block according to your requirements.   Nios Stream 1 Block 1 Admission: Nios Stream 1 Block 1 admission is also called the March-April examination. The admission starts from 16th March and continues till 15th September.  Nios provides all the guidelines on the portal time to time about their admission procedure. Result of Nios Stream 1 Block 1 declared in the month of June of every year along with all the board results. In Stream 1 Block 1 you have to do some basic activities regarding the examination throughout the year. You have to prepare a Tutor Marked Assignment (TMA) which consists of 20% weightage of the Theory Examination in the final examination. All the students who want to apply in Nios to continue their studies can enroll in Nios in the basic Public Examination session of Nios.   Preparation of Tutor Marked Assignment (TMA): TMA is an important part of the Nios Examination because the marks of TMA are included in the result and it is important to improve student percentage. In the TMA you have to prepare some files in all the subjects which you have chosen at the time of admission.  Students can contact Toppers Mantra Education Center about the query regarding TMA or other details regarding Nios Admission and Nios procedure. We help from time to time and do the activities with the students throughout the year. You can visit at https://toppersmantra.com or https://nios10thadmission.com. Students can call at 9958010068, 9958022889.   Nios Stream 1 Block 2 Admission: It’s another opportunity provided by Nios. Those students who failed to enroll or take admission in the Nios Stream 1 Block 1 admission can get a chance to apply in Nios for the October-November examination session.  Some of the students call this a huge opportunity because in this you can apply for your admission just after the end of Block 1 admission.  The admission of Nios Stream 1 Block 2 admission starts from 16th September and continues till 15th March of the year. The examination is held in the month of October-November and the results are declared in the month of December.  After the result you can apply for your further studies. The hard copy of the Marksheet will be given after the month through the study Center which have chosen at the time of the admission. The facility of the TMA is also available for this session and you can prepare your Assignment Files and submit it to get your additional marks in the Nios. How to enroll Nios Admission 2023: You can contact Toppers Mantra Education Center for your Nios Admission at https://toppersmantra.com and you can also call at 9958010068, 9958022889.  Here we follow all the procedures of admission throughout the year. We provide all the best and important guidelines regarding the Nios admission or Nios Examination procedure. As we all know, Toppers Mantra is well known among the students for Nios or Open School Admission. For more information you can visit https://toppersmantra.com or https://nios10thadmission.com. We provide study materials to the study at the time of admission. Students need the books but the main books take a long time to reach destination due to this Toppers Mantra provides all the guide books at the time of registration. You can follow our Social Media platform like Facebook, Linkedin, Twitter, Instagram, Medium, and other platforms. Thanking You  Toppers Mantra Education Center
